Rewords and formats instructions, and fixes reference to run-reader.sh (#143)
ONSdigital/dp: guides/INSTALLING.md

**Note:** when indicating a command that should be run in your terminal, we use the `$` prefix to indicate your shell prompt.

---

Software | Install | Notes
-------- | ------- | ----- |
[Java 8 JDK (OpenJDK)](https://openjdk.java.net/install/) | `$ brew cask install adoptopenjdk8`
[Maven](https://maven.apache.org/)                        | `$ brew install maven`
[Docker](https://www.docker.com/get-started)              | `$ brew cask install docker`
 Docker Compose                                           | `$ brew install docker-compose`

> [Cypher Shell](https://neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/tools/cypher-shell/)                                | `$ brew install cypher-shell`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Cypher Shell](https://neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/tools/cypher-shell/)                                | `$ brew install cypher-shell` | deprecated (not needed if using Neptune over Neo4j)
```

> [Node.js and npm](https://nodejs.org/en/)                 | Install the LTS version with: `$ brew install node@12`  | Append `export PATH="/usr/local/opt/node@12/bin:$PATH"` to the your `.zshrc` or `.basrc` file and restart your terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Node.js and npm](https://nodejs.org/en/)                 | `$ brew install node@12` (LTS version) | Append `export PATH="/usr/local/opt/node@12/bin:$PATH"` to your startup files and restart your terminal.
```

[GoConvey](https://github.com/smartystreets/goconvey#installation)  |
[GhostScript](https://www.ghostscript.com/download.html)  |   `$ brew install ghostscript`                          | Required for [Babbage](https://github.com/onsdigital/babbage)
[Vault](https://www.vaultproject.io/intro/getting-started/install.html) | `$ brew install hashicorp/tap/vault`      | Required for running Florence.

> [jq](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/)                      | `$ brew install jq`                                     | A handy JSON tool (for debugging website content)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[jq](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/)                      | `$ brew install jq`                                     | A handy JSON tool (for debugging website content and much more)
```

[yq](https://github.com/mikefarah/yq)                     |  `$ brew install yq`                                    | A handy YAML tool
[dp-compose](https://github.com/ONSdigital/dp-compose)    | `$ git clone git@github.com:ONSdigital/dp-compose`      | See [`dp-compose` README](https://github.com/ONSdigital/dp-compose#dp-compose) for configuration of Docker Desktop resources

[dp-compose](https://github.com/ONSdigital/dp-compose) runs the following services:
  - Services for Web
    - Elasticsearch 2.4.2
    - Highcharts
    - Postgres
  - Services for CMD
    - MongoDB
    - Elasticsearch 5 (on non-standard port)
    - Kafka (plus required Zookeeper dependency)
    - Neo4J (currently being replaced by [Neptune](https://github.com/ONSdigital/dp/blob/master/guides/NEPTUNE.md#migrating-from-neo4j-to-aws-neptune))

Return to the [Getting Started](https://github.com/ONSdigital/dp/blob/master/guides/GETTING_STARTED.md) guide for next steps.

---

## Clone the services

Clone the GitHub repos for [web](#web-journey), [publishing](#publishing-journey) and/or [CMD](#cmd-journeys) (Customise My Data).

> - [Web](#web-journey) - These apps make up the public facing website providing **read only access** to published content, and will be enough strictly to work on website content types other than filterable datasets (e.g. bulletins, articles, timeseries, datasets).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Web](#web-journey) - These apps make up the public-facing website providing **read-only access** to published content, and will be enough strictly to work on website content types other than filterable datasets (e.g. bulletins, articles, timeseries, datasets).
```

- [Publishing](#publishing-journey) - The "publishing journey" gives you all the features of web together with an internal interface to update, preview and publish content. All content is encrypted and requires authentication.

> - [CMD](#cmd-journeys) - apps will support the filterable dataset journey, and would mean you have every possible service running. 

Reviewer: trailing whitespace

* [dp-frontend-geography-controller](https://github.com/ONSdigital/dp-frontend-geography-controller)

  ```bash
  git clone git@github.com:ONSdigital/dp-dataset-api
  git clone git@github.com:ONSdigital/dp-frontend-filter-dataset-controller
  git clone git@github.com:ONSdigital/dp-frontend-geography-controller`
  ```

#### Import services:
* [dp-recipe-api](https://github.com/ONSdigital/dp-recipe-api)
* [dp-import-api](https://github.com/ONSdigital/dp-import-api)
* [dp-import-tracker](https://github.com/ONSdigital/dp-import-tracker)
* [dp-dimension-extractor](https://github.com/ONSdigital/dp-dimension-extractor)
* [dp-dimension-importer](https://github.com/ONSdigital/dp-dimension-importer)
* [dp-observation-extractor](https://github.com/ONSdigital/dp-observation-extractor)
* [dp-observation-importer](https://github.com/ONSdigital/dp-observation-importer)
* [dp-hierarchy-builder](https://github.com/ONSdigital/dp-hierarchy-builder)
* [dp-search-builder](https://github.com/ONSdigital/dp-search-builder)
* [dp-publishing-dataset-controller](https://github.com/ONSdigital/dp-publishing-dataset-controller)

  ```bash

>   git clone git@github.com:ONSdigital/dp-recipe-api`

Reviewer: trailing backticks

  git clone git@github.com:ONSdigital/dp-import-api`
  git clone git@github.com:ONSdigital/dp-import-tracker`
  git clone git@github.com:ONSdigital/dp-dimension-extractor`
  git clone git@github.com:ONSdigital/dp-dimension-importer`
  git clone git@github.com:ONSdigital/dp-observation-extractor`
  git clone git@github.com:ONSdigital/dp-observation-importer`
  git clone git@github.com:ONSdigital/dp-hierarchy-builder`
  git clone git@github.com:ONSdigital/dp-search-builder`
  git clone git@github.com:ONSdigital/dp-publishing-dataset-controller`
  ```

#### Filter journey:
* [dp-search-api](https://github.com/ONSdigital/dp-search-api)
* [dp-code-list-api](https://github.com/ONSdigital/dp-code-list-api)
* [dp-hierarchy-api](https://github.com/ONSdigital/dp-hierarchy-api)
* [dp-filter-api](https://github.com/ONSdigital/dp-filter-api)
* [dp-dataset-exporter](https://github.com/ONSdigital/dp-dataset-exporter)
* [dp-dataset-exporter-xlsx](https://github.com/ONSdigital/dp-dataset-exporter-xlsx)
* [dp-download-service](https://github.com/ONSdigital/dp-download-service)

  ```bash

>   git clone git@github.com:ONSdigital/dp-search-api`

Reviewer: trailing backticks

You should put the below _env vars_ in your [startup file](#startup-file).

> Varialbe name | note

Reviewer: typo

> Varialbe name | note

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Variable name | note
```

> --- | ---

Reviewer 2: Just a small typo

Author: varialalbel*

After all the various steps, here's an example set of exports and their values that you might now have in your [startup file](#startup-file):

```bash
# Digital Publishing services
export zebedee_root=~/Documents/website/zebedee-content/generated
export ENABLE_PRIVATE_ENDPOINTS=true
export ENABLE_PERMISSIONS_AUTH=true
export ENCRYPTION_DISABLED=true
export DATASET_ROUTES_ENABLED=true
export FORMAT_LOGGING=true
export SERVICE_AUTH_TOKEN="fc4089e2e12937861377629b0cd96cf79298a4c5d329a2ebb96664c88df77b67"
export NEW_HOMEPAGE_ENABLED=true

export TRANSACTION_STORE=$zebedee_root/zebedee/transactions
export WEBSITE=$zebedee_root/zebedee/master
export PUBLISHING_THREAD_POOL_SIZE=10

```

Return to the [Getting Started](https://github.com/ONSdigital/dp/blob/master/guides/GETTING_STARTED.md) guide for next steps.

--------------

## Running the apps

> Run [dp-compose](https://github.com/ONSdigital/dp-compose) using the `./run.sh` command (in the dp-compose repo) to run the supporting services. As well as `Vault`, e.g. `$ vault server -dev`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run [dp-compose](https://github.com/ONSdigital/dp-compose) using the `$ ./run.sh` command (in the dp-compose repo) to run the supporting services. As well as Vault, e.g. `$ vault server -dev`.
```

Most applications can be run using the `$ make debug` command, but deviations are all documented below:

### Web

> Run all the services in the [web journey](#web-journey)

Reviewer: Please use blank lines between headers and body lines.

Florence will be available at http://localhost:8081/florence/login

> The website will be available at http://localhost:8081 after a successful login into florence. Login details are in the [florence repository](https://github.com/ONSdigital/florence/blob/develop/USAGE.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The website will be available at [http://localhost:8081](http://localhost:8081) after a successful login into florence. Login details are in the [florence repository](https://github.com/ONSdigital/florence/blob/develop/USAGE.md).
```
